wi: new endpoint for listing workload attached ACL policies (#25588)
hashicorp/nomad: website/content/docs/commands/acl/token/self.mdx

Policies     = n/a
Roles        = n/a
```

> The command will also detect if the current Nomad token is a workload identity

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The command also detects if the current Nomad token is a workload identity
```

style nit: use present tense

> JWT and respond with a hint if that's the case:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
JWT and respond with a hint if that's the case.
```
